Most users will be likely to access the same site from multiple different platforms (i.e. different browsers or multiple devices). This leads to a security and session question of how to handle the same user being logged in more than once. There are various ways to handle this, each with their own security and usability pros and cons:
1. only allow ONE session. Invalidate any existing sessions on new login. This is the most secure since if a user ever forgets to log out (i.e. on a public computer), the user can invalidate that session remotely simply by logging in again anywhere else. Basically only the most recent session is valid. The (big) downside is no multi-device support.
2. multiple (infinite) sessions. This is a bit less secure as it requires/gives more responsibility to the end user since a session will only be invalidated on log out (which will almost always only happen manually). But it means multiple browsers and devices can log in to the same account simultaneously. To add a bit more security, sessions could be auto-invalidated over time (i.e. after 30 days of not being accessed). This is similar to financial websites auto logging out due to inactivity of a few minutes or hours. But it requires tracking time of last action per session (to reset the countdown to invalidation for that session).

Technically, a session is handled in a few places and these need to sync up/match for proper authentication to work and the request to be valid:
1. the database
2. frontend cookie and/or localStorage (the session id and user id are sent back on each backend API request to authenticate)

## Tabs
Browser "tabs" present additional complexity. Most current sites persist the SAME session across multiple tabs so if the user opens the same site (or opens a link in a new tab), the same user is still logged in for that new tab (or tabs). This is almost always a good way to handle it. However, if a user has multiple DIFFERENT accounts (that would thus require different sessions), the user may want to log in to DIFFERENT accounts on different tabs. This "multiple session tab support" would not be supported and thus the user would only be allowed to be logged in to one account at a time. This situation could also arise if the user doesn't close tabs often and has an old session still open - if navigating back to that tab after logging in with a different account on a different tab, the old tab will still have an old (potentially now invalid) session.
This issue typically won't come up or will be "user expected" so shouldn't be a big deal and the benefits of staying logged in on opening new tabs seems to outweigh the costs. The key (but likely rare) situation where this could be an issue is if there is "guest access" or auto logging in, i.e. prior to a user signing up they get an invite and can log in by clicking that link. Since that user doesn't really have a log in, then if they get multiple invites representing DIFFERENT users (i.e. different contact methods - multiple email addresses or an email and a phone) then they can't "re log in" unless they re-click the invite link so logging them out of an old session and taking them to the login screen won't work since they don't (yet) have a log in. One solution is to require login / registration no matter what (or send the user a default password rather than or in addition to the auto login link in their invite) so 100% of users DO have a login. Otherwise, "tab sessions" would have to be supported to allow multiple different users to be logged in across different tabs simultaneously. This gets messy and requires cookies by tab rather than by browser and means storing more data on the browser, localStorage, cookies, etc. in addition to removing the ability for users to open a link in a new tab without some additional logic to track which session we're coming from and thus which session to auto login to for that new tab.
- with ONE session
	- (Re)logging in to one account/tab would invalidate (or log out) the user on the existing account and each time the user switched between tabs/accounts the user would have to re-log in.
- with multiple sessions
	- (Re)logging into one account/tab would mean that any other / old tabs would still work fine UNTIL a page refresh (in which case the cookies/localStorage would update to the most recent browser wide ones/user). Old tabs on refresh would then "switch" accounts to the most recent login. If on a restricted page that the most recent account does not have access to, they'll be redirected or get an "unauthorized" error message on refresh due to the "account swapping" that happened.
	
The current recommendation is thus to persist sessions across tabs (what seems to be the default behavior of browsers and most sites) and:
- ensure that 100% of users have a login, even if it's auto-generated for them on invites or for "guest access."
- always show the current logged in user (profile picture, name) so it's easy for the user to tell what happened and which account they're currently viewing the site as - that way if they are "auto swapped" to a more recent log in, they'll see that on old tabs and know what happened and that they need to log out / re log in if they still want to view the site/app as the old/other account.
A combination of the above should make everything workable and fairly straightforward, even if not "perfect". But it seems something must be sacrificed either way so this is the best case.